Yes. So it started recording. I'm gonna recap what we were saying. So Shubham was showing me his output from the task of, working on the AI quality checklist, which he finished. And, basically, now we are talking about the fact that today, he is going to get onboarded to his own repo, which is called Verizon AI experiments. Right? And this is where he's gonna start modifying the prompts and seeing the difference between the, like, the what what we already currently have and the changes that he made. And he's gonna create different versions of the prompt and whichever performs the best, that's the one that we're gonna, like, ultimately use for production. Okay. I mean, this is a very big responsibility on my head. I mean Yeah. That's that's what you signed up for. Yeah. I know. That's exciting. You know? I I yesterday, I was so enjoying, like, I was like, okay. This is what I know, and this is how the model is behaving. So I was just thinking what could be going wrong and all. So I'm so cute. I was so curious yesterday. Yes. Great. Awesome. That's exactly the right mindset I wanted you. Like, first week, I wanted to prepare you by, like, we're both working together where you identify the problems and I fix them in the platform. But this week, you identify the problems and you're gonna fix them as well and see the difference. It's you're still gonna see the difference locally, right, until we verify it together, and then I will put it in production when we are ready. So don't worry. It's not gonna go directly into production like, now. Okay? So you can, you can be sure about this. This is a nice learning opportunity. Yes. I'm glad you're finding it this way. That's the way I've been planning it before you joined. Then I think it's going well now. And okay. So while I'm I'm doing some changes, like, to the repo to get you started with it, but in the meantime so and you can stop sharing since you're not sharing anything if you want. So have you read and listened to the information I sent you about the prompt engineering? I read about the prompt engineering, and I wasn't exploring those different prompting techniques. But but I have Which ones did you did you, did you React. I mean, the React. The video I saw, the one which you shared. Uh-huh. And then the one from beginner to advanced? Make useful prompts and prompt engineering guide. Yeah. Yes. That video. Okay. Yeah. You saw this one. Did you also read, like, have a look at the paper and the Google thing? In the way, of doing that, but not much. Yeah. Okay. Sure. I mean, you still have time so you can still look at them because like I told you, the prompt engineering, like for a guide from Google is the stuff that the guy talks about in the video. It will make more sense. And I think the paper also gives you a better understanding of different ways of prompt engineering, different methods. Yeah. Basically the science behind it, I think that's important. That's going to help you in the thinking process of how to enhance the prompt and and and what's missing from it. And if it's, like, basically covering all the checklists for a good prompt. Right? Oh, yeah. I mean, I saw the video and it it mentioned 10 different prompting techniques. So I was just googling, researching those 10 different techniques and just figuring out the basic structure. Exactly. Because React is widely used. I realize that React. Exactly. Yeah. I think, like, if you, like, read the paper and do the studying and also, like, do the implementation, you could come out as, like, also a prompt engineer when you graduate. Yeah. Yeah. Are you showing something? No. I'm just getting something ready. Okay. You can even show me your screen, and we can even record it so that I can just just get what's happening, like, the environment which you are Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So can you give me, like, thirty minutes, and then I'll call you back? Yeah. That's fine. I'll just finish something, and then I'll call you back. Okay? Okay. But today, do we have meeting at 3PM? Because on my calendar, I can see something like that. You mean me or you? It yeah. All the from 3PM to 03:45PM on March 26. You and you and me. I don't have that. Yeah. It's in my calendar, so I just thought why it's there. Wait. Let me see. No. I don't see this in the calendar. That's weird. Okay. K. Oh, I guess it's maybe it's, the changing the time. I'm I'm using the Indian account, so that's why maybe Okay. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, like, half an hour, and then I'll text you. We can we can jump on a quick call. And then, yeah. And then we have our daily with the girls at, 02:00. Yeah. Okay? Yeah. Super. Then talk to you in a bit. Yeah. Alright. Bye. Sure. Sure. Mhmm. Same meeting link. Right? Yep. Okay. Yeah. See you. Ciao. Bye. Bye.